Product name change and other improvements (#209)
AdobeDocs/commerce-services: src/pages/composable-catalog/data-ingestion/index.md

**Product types** are different categories of products that you can create and manage in your catalog. Merchandising Services supports the following product types:

  - **Simple Products**—Basic items with no variations, for example a single t-shirt in one size and color.
  - **Configurable Products**—Items with multiple options or variations, for example a t-shirt available in different sizes and colors.

Each product type has its own set of attributes and configurations to help you manage and present them effectively in your store.

**Product variants** are a specific version of a product that differs from other versions based on certain attributes like size, color, or material. These variants are typically part of a configurable product, allowing customers to choose from different options on a single product page.

For example, if you're selling a t-shirt, the product variants might include different sizes (small, medium, large) and colors (red, blue, green). Each combination of size and color represents a unique product variant

> See [Product APIs](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/composable-catalog/data-ingestion/api-reference/#tag/Products) in the API reference for more information.

Author: ```suggestion
For details, see [Product APIs](https://developer-stage.adobe.com/commerce/services/composable-catalog/data-ingestion/api-reference/#tag/Products) in the API reference.
```

## Price books and prices

In Merchandising Services, a product SKU and its price are decoupled. This decoupling allows you to define multiple price books for a single SKU, supporting different customer tiers, business units, and geographies. When defining prices for a product SKU, you can set both regular and discounted prices within the scope of each price book.

**Price books** are collections of prices for a specific set of products. Price books allow you to manage and organize prices for different customer segments, regions, or sales channels. You can create multiple price books to accommodate various pricing strategies and customer groups. Each price book has an associated currency. Merchandising Services includes a default price book with a default currency in US dollars, which is used when no other price book is specified.

> **Prices** are the monetary values assigned to products within a price book. To create prices for each product SKU, specify the associated price books and define the pricing schedule (regular and discount prices) for each price book.

Author: ```suggestion
**Prices** are the monetary values assigned to products within a price book. To create prices for each product SKU, specify the associated price books and define the pricing schedule for each price book.
```
